Go away, listen to me clearly
Only Liao Zhenwei is worthy to be my son-in-law
You poor boy
Don't practice yourself and implicate others
I wouldn't be here if it weren't for the Heart Curse
What a deceptive heart spell
Don't threaten me with this kind of spell to deceive children
Just say how long you can leave.
After 3 months, the heart will be automatically relieved
I will divorce Zhang Xueyao
3 months is too long
You women
What are you thinking?
old man
I'm also thinking about Xueyao's future.
Can't let
My daughter will spend the rest of her life with that poor boy
But today I
You are you are trying to piss me off
Hey, old man
Old man old man
Wait a minute.
This makes the old man kill you if he eats it